doc: Bluetooth services docs restructuring (#9019)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/scan.rst

.. _lib_nrf_bt_scan_readme:
.. _nrf_bt_scan_readme:

> Scanning module

Author: What is the official name of this module, "scanning module" or "BT Scanning Module"?

Author: Thank you for your opinion! I was also advised that end users are accustomed to the current module name, so let me keep it as it is for now.

   :depth: 2

The scanning module handles the Bluetooth® Low Energy scanning for your application.

Overview
********

Use the scanning module to find advertising devices and establish connections with them.
The module can automatically establish a connection after a filter match.
It can also receive :ref:`directed advertising packets <lib_nrf_bt_scan_readme_directedadvertising>`.

The scanning module can work in one of the following modes:

* Simple mode - without using filters
* Advanced mode - that allows using advanced filters

Configuration
*************

To initialize the module, call the function :c:func:`bt_scan_init`.

You can also call the function without an initialization structure.
When you pass the initialization structure as ``NULL``, the default static configuration is used.

> This configuration is also used when you use an initialization structure with ``NULL`` pointers to scan parameters and connection parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration is also used when you initialize a structure with ``NULL`` pointers to scan parameters and connection parameters.
```

Reviewer 2: @ppryga-nordic

Author: @grochu Could you please advise on that matter?

Reviewer 3: I prefer the "initialization structure" which effectively is the structure passed to the initialization function: `bt_scan_ini()`.
Or the text could say: "This configuration is also used when you initialize the module with a structure that has ``NULL`` pointers set for scan and connection parameters." or something similar.

Usage
*****

> You can use the scanning module to execute the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the scanning module to execute actions described in the sections below.
```

Scanning
========

> 

Author: Noted, thank you!

Start scanning
   When the initialization is completed, call the function :c:func:`bt_scan_start` to start scanning.

>    In simple mode, when you do not use the event handler, you can establish the connection when the scanner finds the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the simple mode, when you do not use the event handler, you can establish a connection when the scanner finds the device.
```

   :depth: 2

The scanning module handles the Bluetooth® Low Energy scanning for your application.

Overview
********

Use the scanning module to find advertising devices and establish connections with them.
The module can automatically establish connection after a filter match.
It can also receive :ref:`directed advertising packets <lib_nrf_bt_scan_readme_directedadvertising>`.

The scanning module can work in one of the following modes:

* Simple mode - That works without using filters.

> * Advanced mode - That allows using advanced filters.

Author: Corrected and capital letters added as well.

Configuration
*************

> To initialize the module, call the :c:func:`bt_scan_init` function.

Author: Can this description be used in Configuration section, or there's something missing here? Not sure if initializing the module is equal to configuring the module.

Reviewer 3: No, I think this sentence belongs to the "Usage" section. I think "Usage" is how you use the library API in your application (i.e. when you are writing code).
"Configuration" is how you select the library to be part of your application (before you start any coding). this is done by selecting configuration options during using Kconfig tool which is part of the build system.
So I think, the following Kconfig options should go to this section: CONFIG_BT_SCAN - which enables the library in the build system, CONFIG_BT_SCAN_CONN_ATTEMPTS_FILTER, CONFIG_BT_SCAN_CONN_ATTEMPTS_FILTER_LEN, CONFIG_BT_SCAN_CONN_ATTEMPTS_COUNT etc. of the later sections from the old format: "Blocklist" and "Directed Advertising".

Author: Corrected, please check :)

Reviewer 3: Looks good now.

* :c:func:`bt_scan_start` - Resume scanning.

.. _lib_nrf_bt_scan_readme_filters:

Filtering
=========

Use filters in the advanced mode to narrow down the scan to devices of a specific type and mode.

Filter types
------------

Check the following table for the details on the available filter types:

+-------------+---------------------------------------------+
| Filter type | Details                                     |
+=============+=============================================+
| Name        | The filter is set to the target name.       |
+-------------+---------------------------------------------+
| Short name  | The filter is set to the target short name. |
+-------------+---------------------------------------------+
| Address     | The filter is set to the target address.    |
+-------------+---------------------------------------------+
| UUID        | The filter is set to the target UUID.       |
+-------------+---------------------------------------------+
| Appearance  | The filter is set to the target appearance. |
+-------------+---------------------------------------------+

Filter modes
------------

> Check the following table for the details on the behavior of the available filter modes:

Author: All occurrences corrected.

It is recommended to use this function before each scan starts, unless your application has different requirements.
If the filter array is full, the scanning module overwrites the oldest device with the new one.

In the default configuration, the filter allows to add two devices and limits the connection tries to two.
You can increase the number of devices by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_CONN_ATTEMPTS_FILTER_LEN` option.
The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_CONN_ATTEMPTS_COUNT` option is responsible for the number of connection attempts.

Blocklist
=========

Devices can be added to the blocklist, which means that the scanning module ignores these devices and does not generate any events for them.
Use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_BLOCKLIST` option to enable the blocklist.

In the default configuration, the scanning module allows to add up to two devices to the blocklist.
You can increase the blocklist size by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_BLOCKLIST_LEN` option.
Use the :cpp:func:`bt_scan_blocklist_device_add` function to add a new device to the blocklist.

> To remove all devices from the blocklist, use :cpp:func:`bt_scan_blocklist_clear` function.

Author: Should I correct all 3 occurrences of C++ domain in this file?

> To remove all devices from the blocklist, use :cpp:func:`bt_scan_blocklist_clear` function.

Reviewer 4: > Should I correct all 3 occurrences of C++ domain in this file?

Why not. I must have missed them.

Use the :cpp:func:`bt_scan_blocklist_device_add` function to add a new device to the blocklist.
To remove all devices from the blocklist, use :cpp:func:`bt_scan_blocklist_clear`.

.. _lib_nrf_bt_scan_readme_directedadvertising:

Directed advertising
====================

> To receive directed advertising packets using the scanning module, enable one of the following options in Zephyr:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive directed advertising packets through the scanning module, enable one of the following options in Zephyr:
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` - scan with changing addresses
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_WITH_IDENTITY` - scan with a local identity address

It is recommended to enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` option to support directed advertising only between bonded peers.
Use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SCAN_WITH_IDENTITY` option only when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY` option is not available.

> When the scanning module is set in advanced mode and :ref:`filters <lib_nrf_bt_scan_readme_filters>` are set, you can use the ``filter_no_match`` event to check if directed advertising packets have been received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the scanning module is set to the advanced mode and :ref:`filters <lib_nrf_bt_scan_readme_filters>` are set, you can use the ``filter_no_match`` event to check if directed advertising packets have been received.
```
